---
layout: single
title: "Combo #1 - School"
categories: OPIC
tags: [OPIC-IH]
toc: true
toc_sticky: true
---
# OPIC 포스팅은 한 콤보에 해당하는 3가지 질문과 각 질문에 대한 필자의 대답으로 진행됩니다.
## In the background servey, you indicated that you are a student. Tell me about your school. Where is it located? What does the campus look like? What can you see on campus? Give me all the details.
I attend Seoul National University of Science and Technology.  
As the university name suggest, It is located in Seoul ,and focus on science and technology.  
Although the university is located in Seoul, It is not in the center of Seoul.  
So It's not crowded and quiet.  
And my campus composed of large plain area.  
So I can easily go to the place that I'm trying to go.  
You know there are large plain area and many buildings, but if there were many hills, It would have been difficult to go anywhere.  
So I think It is very big advantage for university students.  
Compared to other universities, my university has a lot of research laboratories.
So as you walk around the campus, you can see many people who look like researchers.  
I think the school has developed because of the efforts of many researchers.
And I want to contribute to the development of the school as a member of the school.  
## Who is favorite professor? What classes does he or she teach? Does he or she have any special teaching methods? Describe him or her in as much detail as possible.  

## What is an issue you and your classmates talk about? How does it affect you? What needs to be done to adress this concern? Provide me with as many details as possible.