---
layout: single
title: "Combo #2 - Class"
categories: OPIC
tags: [OPIC-IH]
toc: true
toc_sticky: true
---
# OPIC 포스팅은 한 콤보에 해당하는 3가지 질문과 각 질문에 대한 필자의 대답으로 진행됩니다.
## You indicated that you're a student. What is your major? Why did you choose that specific major? What do you learn in your classes?
(first)  
I'm currently majoring in mechanical engineering.  
The reason why I chose mechanical engineering as my major is that I was curious about how machines work.  
So I read up on all things related to my major like static, dynamic, aerodynamic, thermodynamics.  
You know I'm satisfied with my current major, but I'm also interested in artificial intelligence.
So I chose computer engineering as my minor.  
before I took minor classes, I have no idea all things that related to computer programming.  
It was tough at first, I stuck with it.  
As a result of studying both hard, I came down to robotics that connects mechanical engineering and computer engineering.  
So I came to decision that being a robotics engineer.  
I believe that a solid backgrounds in mechanical engineering and computer programming are helpful for being a robotics engineer.
Therefore, I think that I chose the major and minor well.  

(second) -> focus on question! major is first question.  
I'm currently majoring in mechanical engineering.  
The reason why I chose mechanical engineering as my major is that I was curious about how machines work.  
When I was in high school, I learned about the working mechanism of speakers in science class.  
Then I realized that It was fun to figure out the mechanism of the machines.  
So I came to decision and chose mechanical engineering.  
You know, To major in mechanical engineering, basics of mathematics and physics is essential.  
It was though at first, but I had to keep studying.  
After learning the basics of mathematics and physics, I learned about mechanics such as static mechanics and material mechanics.  
Then I learned advanced mechanics that can solve various practical engineering problems.  
These days, I perform the project based on what I have learned.  
Anyway, I enjoy learning mechanical engineering ,and I am satisfied with my major.

## You mentioned in the background survey that you're a student. Which classes are you taking this semester? What are they about? Please focus on one or two, and describe them in detail.  
Since I'm currently on summer vacation, I'll tell you about last semester.  
I took four classes last semester and I'd like to describe the one that I spend most time.
the name of class is 'Capstone Design'.  
I must take this class to graduate.  
This is a course that make a graduation work and present it.  
To make a graduation work, have to work as a team.  
So it is important to find a team members who have the same goal.  
In my case As I decide to make a self-driving car as a graduation work.  
So I looked for team members who interested in self-driving car and made up team of four members.
As a result of working as a team, We succeeded self-driving car simulation.  
We will be continuing the class next semester as a name of 'Capstone Design2'.  
at the end of class I hope that we can make a self-driving car, not only simulation  

## Tell me about the most difficult test you've taken in school. What in particular made the test difficult? How did you study for it? What was the result of the test?
The most difficult test I have ever taken was in my dynamics class which is the subject of solving engineering problems that occur in the real world.  
It was the final exam, so it covered the entire semester.
You know, actually The world is three-dimensional, but we can only express two dimensions on paper.
So It was especially difficult to solve 3D problems in the dynamics final exam.  
The more difficult the problem was, the more time I tried to invest.  
So my strategy was that studied three hours a day for 2 weeks.  
Also, I gave up on the high score problem and focused on the problem that I could solve.  
As a result of preparing for the test with this strategy, I got an average score.  
But my final grade was A because I scored very high on the midterm test!!  
The final exam itself was difficult, but not only I but also other students were equally difficult.  
And I think getting an average score with a minimal effort is the reason why I got a good grade.