---
layout: single
title: "Combo #3 - House"
categories: OPIC
tags: [OPIC-IH]
toc: true
toc_sticky: true
---
# OPIC 포스팅은 한 콤보에 해당하는 3가지 질문과 각 질문에 대한 필자의 대답으로 진행됩니다.
## Please tell me about your house. What's your favorite room? What does it look like? Why do you like that room?  
I live on the 3rd floor of a four-stroey apartment.
In fact, the apartment is a studio apartment because it is provided for college students.  
you know, there is only one room in studio apartment.
So there is no option to me to figure out my favorite room.  
the house itself is to be a my favorite room.  
I live alone in a studio apartment, and my studio is not small to live alone.  
There is plenty of room  to eat, to study, to do simple home training.  
And there are two big windows in my room.  
I feel cozy when sunlight comes in through this window.  
Also, It is good for me  because I can air when cleaning.  
Anyway, My house may be small for others, but I love my house because It doesn't feel small to me.  

## Compared the home you lived before to the one you live in now. What are the difference between those two homes? Provide me with as many details as possible.
Up until 6 years ago, I lived in spacious apartment in Gunsan which is my hometown with my parents.  
It was the place where I grew up, and It was very different from where I live now.  
Back then, I lived in an apartment with a large living room and three rooms.  
Every room had a large windows that let in lots of sunlight.  
And there was a park nearby.  
So we'd go jogging on the weekends.  
In contrast, my current home is a small studio in Seoul.  
It doesn't have as many windows as the house I used live before.  
So I always have the lights turned on.  
Likewise, there is a park nearby but there are so many people that It is difficult to jogging at the time when I want.  
On the plus side, my studio is located near many restaurants and cafes.  
Also living in the Seoul which is captial city in korea makes it easier to have a social life.

## Have you ever had any problems with your home? What was the problem, and how did you deal with it? How did the problem turn out? Give me as many details as possible.
A big problem I had with my studio was that the door lock was not working.  
A month ago, I went out for a while to take out the garbage and, I tried to come back home.  
But the door lock didn't work.  
Since I'd never had this experience before, I called the repairman and asked for a solution.  
He said the door lock seemed to be broken, and he needed 150$ to repair it.  
But I thought the door lock wouldn't break down that easily.  
So I searched on the Internet and found out that is a phenomenon that occurs when there is not enough battery in the door lock.  
Fortunately, there was an emergency way to supply power even outside the door, and I bought a 5V battery right away and supplied it.  
Then the door lock worked, and I was able to enter the house again.  
I realized form that experience that searching on the Internet can be a solution when a problem occurs.  
